I had chills; feeling of being unwell; arm, it was swollen looked like Popeyes arm; warm to touch/ The arm she got the vaccine in; arm she got the vaccine in, left arm, really hurt; arm, it was swollen looked like Popeyes arm, blotches,; her adverse reaction turned out to be cellulitis/cellulitis from the injection.; This is a spontaneous report from a contactable consumer (patient).   A 67-year-old female patient received bnt162b2 (BNT162B2), dose 2 via an unspecified route of administration left arm on 03Mar2021 14:15 (Batch/Lot Number: EN6203),at the age of 67-years at vaccination, as SINGLE DOSE for covid-19 immunisation.  

The patient's medical history and concomitant medications were not reported.  The patient received first dose on vaccine on 10Feb2021, LOT:EL9266 to Upper Left Arm. On 03Mar2021 at 2:15PM; patient received the second dose of  the Pfizer covid vaccine, in her  left arm; her adverse reaction turned out to be cellulitis, Patient states, it could have been happening two days or a day before she actually noticed it when she took off the Band-Aid, she had chills and didn't feel well on day 3 of the vaccine she still didn't feel well it was still hurting, she looked at the arm, it was swollen looked like Popeyes arm, blotches, warm to touch, she didn't have a temperature but she  knew something was wrong.  She got an antibiotic started from a doctor, and Famciclovir , that she took one day. She thought all of this stressed her out and she would end up with shingles. the medications are  Doxycylcine, Hyclate, and Famciclovir,  

A doctor over the phone said that she had cellulitis, and told me to go into the ER, so early in the afternoon, she went to urgent care and they said she had cellulitis, and that's when she got the prescriptions. They wanted to see her on 07Mar2021 to check, and it is doing better. The patient was also asking, should she be somebody to get an antibody test, to see if it did it's job. Does she need to re-do the vaccine?  The patient asked, was the bacteria in the vaccine or in the needle? She feel like there was something in the vaccine, maybe the bacteria was in the vaccine.  LOT EN6203 - She has a Band-Aid from the site kept in a freezer at home. The vaccination Center. She stated she feel really fortunate, she was just scared to death of getting covid. For some reason,  she got a bacterial infection that day, she have no way of knowing if it was the health care worker and bad technique, or bad vaccine.  

Psychologically, there's something about not knowing if the vaccine is protecting me because she took these medications, she was not sure I have the protection, and it creates a level of anxiety. Patient states that she believes she had an adverse reaction from her second dose on 03MAR2021. She states that three days later after the shot, she had already had chills and a feeling of being unwell. The arm she got the vaccine in, left arm, really hurt and she looked in the mirror and could see red blotches from her shoulder to the elbow and it was swollen and warm to touch. Patient states that she called around Saturday morning asking if this was typical or to be expected. She states at one point she called an ER and the doctor there said right away cellulitis and said that someone needed to see her. Patient states that she has no transportation so she had to wait until the afternoon and her son took her to Urgent care to be seen and she was diagnosed with cellulitis from the injection. The patient states she noticed when her arm felt unusual, thinks 6MAR2021. Treatment: Patient states that she was given an antibiotic, Doxycycline HYCLATE, 100mg twice a day for 7 days. She started taking it on Saturday 06Mar2021. Patient states the doctor asked her to come back the following day and looked at it again and thought it was improving and sent her home. Patient states that she also took a one day dose Samciclovir Sunday 07MAR2021. 

Patient clarifies that she had shingles in past and feels stress is going to cause this to occur again for her. She did take one day dose. She states that she does not have a shingles breakout nor did she have one. States that it prevents shingles breakouts and she took it as a preventative dose. Patient states the actual injection site is still warm and painful. Patient states, because she is on the antibiotic and also took the samsivocloir, a total of 2000mg, she is wondering does that make the vaccination ineffective, would she have to redo it? The outcome of the event was not recovered.  Information on lot/batch is requested