I am going to describe all my symptoms so far in detail.  Shortly after the shot in the medical observation area I experienced mild nausea that went away for the rest of the day.  About an hour after the injection, I experienced nasal drainage in the back of my throat that lasted about 30 minutes.  3 hours after my shot, the arm pain at injection site began, followed by 6 hours later moderate to extreme fatigue that did not cause me to be sleepy or drowsy--simply fatigued.  I had enhanced sense of taste and smell.  

On Wednesday, 1/27 I woke up seeming okay and tried to work at my computer from home.  

I experienced light-headed and dizziness, and a headache that feels like pressure, and sinus pressure at the bridge of my nose.  I had to disengage from work.  After lunch around 2 PM I had extreme fatigue and had to lie down in bed the rest of the afternoon and evening.  I have moderate nausea that comes in goes in waves.  

This morning, Wednesday, 1/28 I woke up with nausea and ate breakfast with a heightened sense of smell and taste.  I logged into work and the lightheadedness and dizziness began again (also sort of in waves, though the headache is more pervasive and less wave-like than the nausea), along with waves of moderate nausea and headache.  The arm pain at the sight of injection has significantly abated from a punch to mild pain.  The "sinus" or sinus pressure on the bridge of my nose seems only a fraction improved.  The headache or pressure has moved from the back of my head to the right side of my head.  

I had no body aches, but this morning has mild to moderate body aches this morning in my legs and hip bones.   1/29 I woke up with 20%-30% reduced symptoms of nausea and headache, but the dizziness and sinus pressure on the bridge of my nose remain the same.  I still have enhanced taste and smell (a sensory plus it's not a distorted or odd enhancement, simply the same flavors and tastes enhanced).  The ache that began yesterday in my lower body, my legs still ache, though it feels more like numbness than an ache.  I tried doing some stretches which felt good, but my legs still feel the same after stretching.  Pain at the site of injection is reduced 90%. There are some strawberries sitting next to me, and I can smell them acutely. Yesterday, 1/30, I woke up with mild nausea and fatigue.  This nausea dissipated in the morning, but I felt too fatigued to do Pilates.  The waves of dizziness and waves of nausea returned mid-day and I had a low-grade fever of 99.4 (my temp. Tends to run slightly lower than 98.6, as I take it regularly).  The pain/pressure in the bridge of my nose has reduced 30%, but still remains.  The ache or numbness in my thighs remains the same. 

This morning, 1/31, my temp is normal at 98.6, but I have mild waves of nausea and moderate waves of dizziness.  The pain/pressure on my nose remains the same as yesterday.  I have some mild ear pressure.  My thigh weakness remains the same.  I am too fatigued to attempt Pilates.  Acute sense of smell and taste remains the same.  The headaches or pressure also seem improved since Saturday 1/30. Monday, 02/01 - ah back to work I woke up with moderate nausea and pretty intense body fatigue and muscle aches in my lower body.  I had to work, and I just wanted to crawl back into bed.  

I worked anyway, also the fatigue tends to worsen mid-day.  The dizziness is moderate in waves, and the headache is still mild, along with that mild sinus pressure on my nose.  I was in bed after dinner but could have rested all day.  02/02 I awoke with a very mild nausea! The intense fatigue (which worsened several days past my vaccine) was mild. I was ready to attempt my regular Pilates routine, and I did it! 

My muscle aches are mild to moderate (also, why are my muscle aches mostly confined to my thighs and hips I do have vague pain at the injection site, but its vague, and I use my whole body in Pilates) dizziness waves are back as I sit here typing and get ready to login online to my job staring at the computer screen is jarring to the dizziness waves and reminds me of the mild headache.  This is the best I've felt since 1/27 through mid-day I tend to worsen and dizziness that is moderate is disturbing.  

The heightened sense of taste and smell also seems to have waned a bit in the past two days, back to what I was per usual? I tend to have an acute sense of smell and taste.  *I would like it noted in light of new evidence that many people that have had COVID are experiencing intense reactions to the first dose that it is quite likely that I had COVID back in March when my learning center (I work with students age 4-adult, some of which are learning disabled and have autism) emergency closed because a client called to say she was positive for COVID.  I had taken her sons temperature the day before.  Me, and my two co-workers on my management team were also feeling sick.  

I had a sore throat and chest pains for approx. a month, but at the time COVID testing was not widely available.  Since then, My co-worker has tested positive twice for the antibodies, and her husband, who was also sick at the same time, has tested negative twice.  I tested negative once for the antibodies, though given my job, my commute on the subway during rush hour my co-workers positivity, and my intense reaction to the first dose I most likely had COVID.  

My boyfriend's roommate recently also revealed that he is positive to the antibodies, and he was literally sneezing and coughing in the same room with us this past summer and spring.    I think a 2nd dose of the same vaccine will cause fainting and vomiting, and the need for two weeks off of my work. 

This dizziness is alarming.  I'm also thinking not having antibodies means nothing in terms of my body and immune system recognizing the vaccine and the virus, making me more ill than when and if I actually had COVID in March or last year.