heart rate of 160; severe nausea; arm soreness; muscle soreness in left arm; general fatigue; This is a spontaneous report from a contactable nurse (patient).  A 62-year-old female patient received the second dose of BNT162B2 (PFIZER-BIONTECH COVID-19 VACCINE; lot number: EL1283), via an unspecified route of administration on 21Jan2021 13:00 at single dose in left arm for COVID-19 immunisation. 

Patient age at time of vaccination was 62 years. Historical vaccine included first dose of BNT162B2 (PFIZER-BIONTECH COVID-19 VACCINE; lot number EK5730) administered on 30Dec2020 at 01:00PM and the patient said she did not have a reaction after the first vaccine. The patient received no concomitant medications. She stated that she had no other recent vaccinations or new medications. 

One thing that may be important is that she did do a 7 day detox that ended the Sunday before her second vaccine dose, so her body was pretty much having no impurities in it, and she has been eating clean since then, maybe having something foreign put into her body set it off after detox. The patient experienced arm soreness and general fatigue on 21Jan2021, and on 22Jan2021 at 01:00 she experienced severe nausea and heart rate of 160 (which was reported serious as medically significant). Patient reported that after her second dose of the COVID-19 vaccine she had a significant side effect that didn't happen until 10-12 hours after getting the vaccine. She did not have a reaction after the first vaccine. 

After the second injection her arm was sore, and she had general fatigue. She had the second dose injected Thursday at around 01:00PM, then at one in the morning her heart rate was 160, and she had severe nausea. She was that way until 08:00AM. Her heart rate was 120 probably by 09:00AM, then came down to 100, she has never had anything like that before. Her arm soreness was a deep muscle soreness to her left arm. The fatigue was a couple hours later after she got the second dose of the vaccine. 

The nausea started at 01:00AM, and lasted until six to eight, she did no treatment, and it improved and is still gone now. For her heart rate of 160, she had no treatment, though she probably should have gone to the hospital, but it came down. 

She usually runs a heart rate of 60-70, it went back to normal Friday, probably in the afternoon on the 22nd, about 12 hours after that started. The patient stated that she feels this is medically significant for her heart rate to be that high. She had contacted her primary care physician (PCP), but they didn't call her back for 4-5 hours, by then she was fine. 

She doesn't think that this was treated well by her PCP, and that they should have done an electrocardiogram (EKG) and follow up labs, she is changing her PCP as a result of this. She is concerned about the people who will be getting their second dose, she has been helping with these, they have patients that are over 100, they wouldn't survive that rapid heartbeat. The outcome of arm soreness/muscle soreness and fatigue was unknown.; 

Sender's Comments: The reported event of heart rate increased was likely causally related to the second dose of BNT162B2 (PFIZER-BIONTECH COVID-19 VACCINE) due to temporal relationship.  

The case will be reassessed should additional information become available.  The impact of this report on the benefit/risk profile of the Pfizer product is evaluated as part of Pfizer procedures for safety evaluation, including the review and analysis of aggregate data for adverse events. 

Any safety concern identified as part of this review, as well as any appropriate action in response, will be promptly notified to Regulatory Authorities, Ethics committees and Investigators, as appropriate.