pain in the injection site and arm/pain at injection site all the way to her elbow; pain in the injection site and arm/pain at injection site all the way to her elbow; felt like someone stuck a knife in her muscle; This is a spontaneous report from a contactable consumer (patient). 

A 79-year-old female patient received first dose of BNT162B2 (PFIZER-BIONTECH COVID-19 VACCINE, solution for injection) lot number A3249 and expiry date unknown, via unspecified route of administration at the left arm on 21Jan2021 at single dose for Covid-19 immunization. The patient's medical history was not reported. Concomitant medications included other medications. 

The patient had the first dose of the Pfizer vaccine on 21Jan2021 and the following day (22Jan2021), she experienced pain in the injection site and arm. The patient informed that it felt like someone stuck a knife in her muscle. The patient informed that the pain was improving and not sure if she wanted to get the second dose. The patient informed that she had a dental procedure done and was taking pain medication to help with that but it didn't help with her pain in her arm from the shot. The patient has been having pain at injection site all the way to her elbow. 

The patient informed that the first day they it was like she had a shot. The patient informed that it felt like a knife was being stuck in her muscle the second day (22Jan2021). The patient informed that today it felt like pressure. The patient informed that at night time that she sleeps perfect and when she gets up in the morning that it was bad pain. The patient informed that she was leery about getting her second shot. The patient informed that she had two teeth pulled on Friday (unspecified date) after she got the vaccine. The patient informed that they redid her partial for those teeth. 

The patient informed that they had prescribed 800 mg of ibuprofen for her teeth. The patient stated that she thought it would help the pain in her arm but it did not. The patient was told to keep taking it but she stopped. 

The patient informed that she has to take antibiotics for her teeth until they were all gone. Therapeutic measures was received by the patient due to the events. The outcome of the events was recovering.