Day two  after getting the vaccine, I started feeling vertigo and nauseous. I hydrated extensively, and  day three are started to feel a little bit better.  Day four I took a turn for the worse, and the vertigo and nausea intensified.   In the middle of the night, the vertigo was extreme.  

I almost checked myself into the ER, but I decided to try to continue sleeping and hopefully feel better in the morning. In the morning, day five, I went to my primary care doctor.  I told her my symptoms, she said possibly due to the vaccine.  She prescribed me meclizine.  I took it in the evening, and did not feel any symptom relief.  

In the middle of the night, extreme vertigo again, it was atrocious.   Day six (Saturday), I checked myself into the ER.  They upped my dose of meclizine (to 50 mg).  This new dose also had zero effect on my vertigo/nausea.  I felt vertigo/nausea all day. 

Speaking to some doctors in the family, they suggested to me that I had developed BPPV. Day seven, woke up again with vertigo/nausea, and it didn?t subside at all as the day went on.  I spoke with my father, and he told me that he had BPPV before apparently.  

He drove to my house and did the Eply maneuver on me 10 times throughout the day.  Felt a little bit better.  Scheduled an appt with ENT for following day. Day eight, feeling a little bit better (after eply maneuvers, possibly related).  Visited ENT, he reassured me that the vestibular system is very efficient and I will eventually get better.  Scheduled appt for me for neurologist and MRI for later that day. 

Went to see neuro, did MRI.   Day nine, feeling even more a little bit better. Day ten, which is today, feeling even more a little bit better.  Saw neurologist for follow-up, he told me MRI turned out fine, everything looks good with brain.  Just stay very hydrated and relax, I should get better in a week.  I really went through hell, it was atrocious.  My doctors said could be vaccine-related, impossible to prove one way or the other.  

I figured I?d report it, just in case there might be others in the country who went through the same thing.