Extreme pain in my right thumb/ very sharp pain in the middle and base of my thumb; This is a spontaneous report from a contactable pharmacist reported for himself. A 38-year-old male patient received second dose of bnt162b2 (Lot number: EJ1686), via an unspecified route of administration in left arm on 07Jan2021 09:00 at single dose for covid-19 immunization. 

Medical history included HTN (hypertension) from an unknown date and unknown if ongoing. Concomitant medication included amlodipine, hctz, amfetamine sulfate (AMPHETAMINE-SALTS). The patient previous received first dose of bnt162b2 (Lot number: EJ1685), via an unspecified route of administration in left arm on 17Dec2020 11:00 AM for covid-19 immunization. 

The patient experienced extreme pain in his right thumb/ very sharp pain in the middle and base of my thumb on 09Jan2021 05:00. The event was reported as serious per disability. No treatment received for the adverse event. The adverse event result in disability or permanent damage. 36-48 hours after the second dose, the patient started experiencing extreme pain in my right thumb whenever he attempted to use his right hand for something including the simplest of tasks like tying his shoe. When he holds, lift, pull using his right hand he experienced a very sharp pain in the middle and base of his thumb.  At first, he thought maybe he hit it on something, but he did not.  

A week later his wife was at work (she was a hair stylist) and was talking with one of her clients.  Her client who is a nurse said recently she had also taken the vaccine (2nd shot) and said the weirdest thing had happened. 

She told her that she can't hold anything in her right hand, and she has been experiencing unbearable pain in her right thumb when she used it for anything.  The pain has lasted almost two weeks now and was not going away. He still speak with the lady who has pain too and she said the same thing and he know it came after the second shot of the vaccine. The outcome of event was not resolved. Facility where the most recent COVID-19 vaccine was administered: Hospital. No other vaccines within 4 weeks prior to the COVID vaccine. 

Prior to vaccination, the patient wasn't diagnosed with COVID-19. Since the vaccination, the patient hadn't been tested for COVID-19. Not known allergies.; Sender's Comments: The Company cannot completely exclude the possible causality between the reported "pain in thumb" and the administration of COVID 19 vaccine, BNT162B2, based on the reasonable temporal association and lacking alternative explanations.  

The impact of this report on the benefit/risk profile of the Pfizer product is evaluated as part of Pfizer procedures for safety evaluation, including the review and analysis of aggregate data for adverse events. Any safety concern identified as part of this review, as well as any appropriate action in response, will be promptly notified to Regulatory Authorities, Ethics Committees and Investigators, as appropriate. ,Linked Report(s) : US-PFIZER INC-2021058634 same reporter/product/event, different patient